README.md, before:

# COSC-499-TeamExercise

**Contributors**

1. Daniil Khodosko
2. Jace 
3. Kshitij Suri

# Calculator

This repository is a project to create a functional calculator. 

The calculator has 4 features:
1. Addition
2. Subtraction
3. Multiplication
4. Division

## Addition

## Subtraction

## Multiplication
The multiplication feature functions by simply multiplying two numbers. 

For instance the result of 2 * 2 will be 4

To run this feature initialize the calculator and execute the the main method which will further instructs the chooseaction method to make a decision and call the multiply method. 
The method takes two parameters (integers) which are the numbers to be multiplied.

## Division
The Division feature functions by simply dividing the first number by the second number. 

For instance the result of 4 / 2 will be 2

To run this feature we initialize the calculator and execute the main method which will further instructs the chooseaction method to make a decision and call the division method. 
The method takes two parameters (integers).

Commit message:

Added new functions to readme

README.md, after:

# COSC-499-TeamExercise

**Contributors**

1. Daniil Khodosko
2. Jace 
3. Kshitij Suri

# Calculator

This repository is a project to create a functional calculator. 

The calculator has 4 features:
1. Addition
2. Subtraction
3. Multiplication
4. Division

## Addition
The addition feature functions by simply adding two numbers together. 
add(x,y) = b

For example, x = y = 2. 
For instance the result of add(x,y) = 4.

To run this feature initialize the calculator and execute the the main method which will further instructs the chooseaction method to make a decision and call the add method. 
The method takes two parameters (integers) which are the numbers to be multiplied.

## Subtraction
The subtracted feature functions by simply subtracted two numbers together. 
subtract(x,y) = b

For example, x = y = 2. 
For instance the result of subctract(x,y) = 0.

To run this feature initialize the calculator and execute the the main method which will further instructs the chooseaction method to make a decision and call the subtract method. 
The method takes two parameters (integers) which are the numbers to be subtracted.

## Multiplication
The multiplication feature functions by simply multiplying two numbers. 

For instance the result of 2 * 2 will be 4

To run this feature initialize the calculator and execute the the main method which will further instructs the chooseaction method to make a decision and call the multiply method. 
The method takes two parameters (integers) which are the numbers to be multiplied.

## Division
The Division feature functions by simply dividing the first number by the second number. 

For instance the result of 4 / 2 will be 2

To run this feature we initialize the calculator and execute the main method which will further instructs the chooseaction method to make a decision and call the division method. 
The method takes two parameters (integers).
